Bestie, you look dehydrated
Oh shit, is that DePiglio again? 
I am Davis, though - he-niece of Lucifer!
Had to get rid of my son. He broke my precious Tonya Harding portrait while practicing his Spanish guitar. So I put him on eBay.
GET RID OF THE CHAIRS. NO ONE CAN KNOW WE SIT.
In February you're supposed to be in the house, violently moisturizing, punching the window to threaten the plow.
Gigi can't eat cookies! Or cow water!
Egg Lopez? You get a guy?
Why do I feel like that guy washes his hands with strawberry milk?
I know it's for babies. BUT I NEED IT.
You're tall - do you vape like Gigi?
We shouldn't scream or whine \/ Gigi voted for Jill Stein!
Excuse I?
What would YOU have done?
I'm Amy Klobuchar, I don't give a shit.
When I first met Jan, I thought she was a regular desert woman - grey buzzcut, enough turquoise to get into Stevie Nicks's house, no questions asked.
It's like a PT Cruiser came to life, and then it read The Game.
He spent my entire back-to-school budget on Crest White Strips - the second time he's done them this year. That's not even healthy.
I need nice teeth to cheat on your mom.
Did you know humans aren't naturally monogamous?
Gigi the Christmas Snake, slithers slow so you won't wake
I don't know what's good or what's bad with cars.
What's up, Steve? Wanna hear about all the cool spots I binge eat vegan donuts in my car?
It's like a minotaur - you don't want to make it mad, but you CERTAINLY don't want to turn it on.
PLEASE tell me you saw "Spilling All Over" with Cheeta Lupone.
I want a nephew so bad
I WILL NOT BE OBJECTIFIED!
Here's how you should respond if your boyfriend proposes to you on Christmas. Step 1: Put him in a leg lock.
I'm not gonna beat up a gay tonight, because it's Christmas.
Quiche is just pizza that went to private school
I need to be under the quiet tutelage of a witch.
A witch drinks ice water. A witch lives in Putnam, New York.
Just a grown man, locking eyes with me and proclaiming his own name.
Young man! Hold that Uber pool! My wife and I would like to try things out with you!
Hey Chris, you long bitch, did you know an octopus is the only animal to ever advise a president? Do you know which president? HOOVER. DELETE THIS TEXT.
Don't get me wrong, I'd hate-scissor Katie Couric till the cows come home.
Three years ago a fifteen year old girl wanted to seem more mature so she got into coffee. Three years later, that girl is Bernie Sanders.
My concept of a man is someone who whacks their elbow a little bit at a Bertucci's and has no hangups about freaking OUT.
Every time I see a guy with his sons I just think "Ew, what are you guys, an improv group?"
I'm like an American Girl doll that got left out in the rain. I'm lovely.
A drunk text - that's just like a man in downtown Phoenix yelling "Who's gonna be my wife tonight?"
I'm aerating the soil during the potato famine
The texture is like a cherry, but the sweetness is like a lasagna.
You don't rescue a Corgi, you inherit a Corgi.
We got married in the 90s. That's ALL.
I could be your winter spouse, your haggard wife for the white white chill
A cold weather wife is an evil wife, and that's what I'll be for you.
Chris, the neighbors wanna know if you're trans! Call me back!
Do you know how many unsettling engineering/studio art majors had to get pantsed so that Harry Styles could wear a dress?
Get to know the Crandelier sound system, where you can only listen to "You Get What You Give" - but, uh, there was a copyright issue, so it's the Joe Biden inauguration live version. You can listen to that at inaudibly loud levels.